docs: add daemonize docs (#191)
1sixtech/mojave: docs/daemonize.md

---------------
The runtime follows this decision tree:
  
<img width="674" height="672" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dec958ac-4cb0-4af6-bc47-f892b316c378" />
  
Key types and entry points
--------------------------
- `DaemonOptions` (paths derived from `--datadir` + fixed filenames, and `no_daemon` flag)
- `run_daemonized_async(opts, proc)` (Tokio main; used by node/sequencer)
- `run_daemonized(opts, proc)` (spawns a Tokio runtime and calls the async version; used by prover)
- `stop_daemonized(pid_file)` (SIGINT with timeout, then SIGKILL fallback, remove PID file)
  
Where they are used
-------------------
- `cmd/node/src/main.rs` uses `run_daemonized_async` and constructs `DaemonOptions` with `node.pid` / `node.log`.
- `cmd/sequencer/src/main.rs` uses `run_daemonized_async` with `sequencer.pid` / `sequencer.log`.
- `cmd/prover/src/main.rs` uses `run_daemonized` with `prover.pid` / `prover.log`.
  
CLI flags and commands
----------------------
- `init` (start): launches the service; by default runs as a daemon unless `--no-daemon` is supplied.
- `stop`: reads the PID from the PID file and stops the running service safely. Then remove PID file.
  

> Per‑binary details:
> - Node: `mojave-node init --no-daemon` (foreground) or omit to daemonize; `mojave-node stop` to stop. Datadir default: `.mojave/node`.
> - Sequencer: `mojave-sequencer init --no-daemon`; `mojave-sequencer stop`. Datadir default: `.mojave/sequencer`.
> - Prover: `mojave-prover init --no-daemon`; `mojave-prover stop`. Datadir default: `.mojave/prover`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
E.g.:
- `mojave-[node | sequencer | prover] init --no-daemon` (foreground) or omit to daemonize; `mojave-[node | sequencer | prover] stop` to stop. Datadir default: `.mojave/[node | sequencer | prover]`
```
